what is up youtube it's your girl evelyn
and i am back with the
season 4 episode 7 recap of wynonna
earth
so sit back enjoy the video and as
always there will be spoilers
so proceed with caution episode 7 begins
with winona doing a little demon hunting
to remind us that
a she and peacemaker are back together
and b
eamonn is still a demon with the hots
for her meanwhile the rest of the gang
is at
shorty's toasting to nicole and waverly
and planning
their upcoming engagement party we get a
reminder from nedley that
reaper billy is still chilling in the
basement because
well what else are you gonna do with a
teenage reaper
wynonna shows up and doc leaves because
he's still
mad about wynonna shooting holt in the
back which
seems a little unfair after all wynonna
forgave him after he let his ex turn him
into a vampire
but i digress wynonna takes waverly and
nicole to a ladies night with male
strippers to celebrate their lesbian
engagement
and waverly strikes up a conversation
with a terrible stripper named dimitri
dimitri tells her that love isn't real
and waverly's like
of course it's real just look at my hot
ginger daddy
dimitri bets waverly that love isn't
real
and waverly takes him up on the bed
although neither of them
gives any specific details about how
this bet will work
or the stakes involved dimitri also
drops something into waverly's pocket
so this should be good some undisclosed
amount of time later
waverly and nicole drop by the sheriff's
office to pick up a marriage application
and are met by the homophobic former
mayor bunny loblaw
while waverly tries to convince bunny to
give them a marriage application
nicole finds a heart-shaped piece of
glitter on her shirt
which immediately transforms her into
pepe le pew
and she tries to mount waverly in front
of bunny which would normally be a bad
thing
but a piece of glitter lands on bunny's
hand and she
also becomes gaga for waverly waverly
dips and hits up the glory hole in
search of aemon
she offers him a pie in exchange for a
demon day of truce for
her and nicole's wedding eamon then
randomly asked waverly
who killed the clintons i guess to
remind us that the clans are dead
and waverly's life a piece of glitter
then lands on eamonn and he falls in
love with waverly and tells her she can
have
whatever she wants on her way out
waverly runs into doc
who demands to know what really happened
to ma'am clinton
i don't know what that was not long
after
waverly arrives home and nicole is still
trying to mount her
which i gotta say i don't see the
problem here
but just when waverly is starting to
suspect something
might be up bunny loblaw shows up with a
bouquet of flowers
and professes her homosexual love for
waverly
which is when waverly realizes this
probably has something to do
with that unspecific bet she made with a
stranger in a strip club in purgatory
we then joined doc for a trip across
town to the clintons
where mam's rotting corpse has
apparently just been chilling since
waverly bobo brain fried her doc
discovers that cleo has been there alone
with her abusive mother's dead body
which is absolutely horrifying
understandably cleo is on the cusp of
giving up altogether but doc finds a
piece of glitter
and falls in love with her he gives her
a pep talk which he will
definitely come to regret and in turn
cleo tells doc about the secret covenant
nicole made with mam to rescue waverly
from the garden because that just came
up organically in conversation
meanwhile wynonna goes to see eamonn for
some reason
but of course finds a piece of rogue
glitter and falls in love with him
unfortunately eamonn is still hung up on
waverly
and wants nothing to do with her waverly
finally confronts her stripper returned
pizza delivery pal dimitri
turns out dimitri used to be a cupid
that is
until eamon broke his heart and he
stopped believing in love which is why
he gave waverly the love glitter to
prove that love doesn't exist
although i have no idea how that proves
anything but okay long story short
wynonna steals the love glitter to use
on aemon and everything comes to a head
at nicole and waverly's engagement party
bunny serenades waverly with a
surprisingly good rendition of
insensitive by jan arden
wynonna tries to motorboat eamonn and
rachel the only person not under the
influence of love
glitter decides to go down to the
basement and visits her ex-boyfriend
because
why not dimitri shows up just as wynonna
spills the entire jar of glitter and
everyone just falls for everyone waverly
begs dimitri to put an end to the love
shenanigans
and he does by spitting on everyone's
butts
the gang snaps out of their love haze
and everyone goes their separate ways
and we finally arrive at the reason for
this episode's tvma rating
cleo has chopped mam's rotting corpse
into
nasty looking chunks and feeds it to her
reaper family slash
ancestors she also vows to destroy the
earth
and she won't have to do it alone either
because little bro
billy is back which means rachel either
freed him or
he killed her and escaped oh and wynonna
hooked up with eamonn because
doc still doesn't want her and that is
it for the recap thank you so much for
watching
and i'll see you next week
you